Create ui-c8y-1021-0-2-fix-do-not-remove-scripts-from-the-svg-in-the-scada.md (#2594)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-2-fix-do-not-remove-scripts-from-the-svg-in-the-scada.md

---
date: ""

> title: script tags are preserved in SCADA widget when 'none' option is selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Script tags are preserved in SCADA widgets
```

> title: fix: do not remove scripts from the svg in the scada widget when none option is set (#7397) (#7463)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: script tags are preserved in SCADA widget when 'none' option is selected
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61415
version: 1021.0.2
---

> SCADA widget preserves script tags when 'none' option is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SCADA widget now preserves script tags if the code sanitization option is set to "none".
```

> fix: do not remove scripts from the svg in the scada widget when none option is set (#7397) (#7463)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
SCADA widget preserves script tags when 'none' option is selected.
```
